# s3955317_NONE4763_A2_3
A guest lecturer introduced me to a course topic on Thursday, which was about Engagement and Effective Oral Communication. The tutor gave us three goals of studying this topic at the start of the course, and then everyone worked in groups to determine the reason of preparing a presentation, which the teacher supplied six of it. He then moved on to the next portion of the presentation, involved working in pairs to discuss audience types. The teacher asked us to highlight the relevance of knowing the type of audience in three different levels of understanding: low, medium, and high. The instructor instructed us to collaborate with another student to identify the major components of a technical report in the Content and Organization area, after that he listed five main characteristics out of eleven. In the Slide Design section, the students were asked to identify some frequent PowerPoint faults made by presenters, and the lecturer provided five examples of problematic slides with suggestions on how to fix them. Finally, in the Presentation Analysis segment, the teacher gave two sample videos of persons giving an introduction and closing presentation to identify two things they did well and two things they needed to improve. The guest instructor who had taught us the previous week was still giving the lecture on that Thursday, and I was pleased to see his warmth and enthusiasm, which helped to create a pleasant mood in the classroom. For the group discussion, I felt at ease talking in a lighthearted manner, thanks to the group members's sociability and consensus on their responses. Making a personal perspective on what I learned on Thursday from the guest lecturer about Engagement and Effective Oral Communication was a significant learning experience for me. In the Slide Design section, the teacher had carefully discussed the methods for creating or improving the PowerPoint slideshow to make it clearer for the audience. It is recommended that I should reviewed the slides that I created in the previous course to use as a premise, along with the lessons on slide design that the teacher taught, so that I could prepare carefully crafted PowerPoints for group projects on research and presentations in the current course in a simple but informative way for all audiences with low to high levels of understanding, so that I could gain more consent from many people and achieve the high score I desired. 
